fix: Handle additional markers (#4)
mseag/sfm-utils: design/README.md

                              // This handles \vs 13b, \vs 13c, etc.
```

If the marker is `\vs`, theres 3 additional booleans to determine special cases:

> * `vs_verse_bridge` - The `vs` marks a verse bridge (x-y) or [x-y]. This does special handling for verseNum (current verse counter)

Reviewer: What is a verse bridge? (Maybe this is explained somewhere else)

Author: "Verse bridges"" are a way in Paratext to mark text that spans multiple verses.

For example, the txt to 2 Kings 9 has markers
`\vs (15-16)a` so the SFM for Paratext would mark it as
`\v 15-16 ....`

I think for some translations, it's used because the grammar for a particular language would rearrange verse orders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `vs_verse_bridge` - The `vs` marks a verse bridge (x-y) or [x-y]. It does special handling for verseNum (current verse counter), since it marks text that spans multiple verses.
```
